ref(node): Small tweaks to Default Integrations page (#2100)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/common/integrations/default-integrations.mdx

  - /platforms/node/default-integrations/
---

System integrations are integrations enabled by default that hook into the
standard library or the interpreter itself. They're documented so you can see
what they do and know how to disable them if they cause issues. 

To disable _all_ default integrations, set `defaultIntegrations: false` when calling `init()`.

> To disable just one integration, provide a filtered list to the `integrations` option when calling `init()`.

Reviewer: Maybe a bit pedantic, but the example here shows that what has to be provided is a `function ([]integrations) => []integrations`, not a list/array directly.

```suggestion
To disable one or more of the default integrations, pass in a function to the
`integrations` option when calling `init()`. The function should take an array
of default integrations and return a filtered array, excluding the integrations
you do not want to use.
```

Author: Good point, thanks.

For example, to disable the `Console` integration:
`integrations: defaults => defaults.filter(integration => integration.name !== 'Console')`.

To override an integration's settings, provide a new instance to the `integrations` option when calling `init()`.

> For example, to change the fatal error handler:

Reviewer: There are so many ways to use the same `integrations` option -- `bool`, `func`, `array`.

We document using each way for one specific need. What's missing here is how to combine the needs, how to both provide specific integration settings AND remove/add integrations.

I'm guessing the answer is to use the `function` form, which seems to be the most powerful.
In fact, it could be used for all three examples:

```
// remove all integrations:
integrations: () => null; // or if we don't support this, then empty array

// remove one or more filtering by name:
integrations: defaults => defaults.filter(...)

// replace an integration with a custom version of the same integration:
integrations: defaults => defaults.map(integration =>
  integration.name === 'OnUncaughtException' ?
    new Sentry.Integrations.OnUncaughtException({ onFatalError: () => { /** your implementation */ } }) :
    integration)

// filter and update:
integrations: defaults => ...
```

Reviewer 2: > // remove all integrations:

It should be just `defaultIntegrations: false` then, which is already described slightly before I guess.

> // replace an integration with a custom version of the same integration:

We always tell people to use `integrations: [new VersionWithOptions({})]` as it's more readable for this basic usecase

Author: @rhcarvalho I think that you're right, and perhaps we should revisit this again in the future (and unify our explanation here with the one on the main JS SDK page), but for the moment I'm going to merge this and we can come back to it.

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.OnUnhandledRejection`_

This integration attaches a global unhandled rejection handler. By default, all unhandled rejections trigger a warning and log the error. You can change this behavior using the `mode` option, which is in line with Node's CLI options: https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_unhandled_rejections_mode.

Available options:

```js
{
  mode: "none" | "warn" | "strict"; // default: "warn"
}
```

### LinkedErrors

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.LinkedErrors`_

This integration allows you to configure linked errors. They'll be recursively read up to a specified limit and lookup will be performed by a specific key. By default, the limit is set to 5 and the key used is `"cause"`.

Available options:

```js
{

>   key: string; // default: "cause"

Reviewer 3: could use typescript syntax here

```typescript
{
  key: string = "cause"
```

Author: Can you do that in TS? Everything I've read says you can't provide defaults to an interface.

Reviewer 3: technically its:

```typescript
{
  key: string
}: {
  key = "cause"
}
```

but the version i gave i think is readable enough

Reviewer 2: We don't have a standardized syntax for TS/JS options, but if I'd have to choose, I prefer the former version, the one that Katie used above. It' just more "obvious" imo.

Reviewer 3: there is standardized HTML for options that we use everywhere (definition lists) so thats also a path forward. i didnt look at the context of what these are specifically, but its possible they dont belong in a code block to begin with.

Author: It is possible. I was just going with the formatting that was already there. I'll let docs folks make that call. In any case, work for a future PR.
